DOC-2313: add note to `export.adoc` to inform users about plugin name change in v7. (#3117)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/export.adoc

include::partial$misc/admon-premium-plugin.adoc[]

> [NOTE]
> The {pluginname} plugin has been replaced by the improved **Export to PDF** and **Export to Word** plugins starting with {productname} 7.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[IMPORTANT]
{productname}'s {pluginname} plugin will be retired and deactivated upon the release of {productname} 7, and will no longer available for purchase. In {productname} 7, the **Export to PDF** and **Export to Word** plugins will provide similar functionality to the {pluginname} plugin.
```
